Revamp AWS quick-start documentation to include Redshift + Databricks (#494)
snowplow/documentation: docs/getting-started-on-snowplow-open-source/quick-start-aws/query-your-data/query-your-data-in-postgres/index.md

sidebar_position: 100
---

> If you were using the `default` or `secure` example scripts in the last section and had switch `postgres_db_enabled` to `true`, you will have created a Postgres database where all of your data is stored. Your Postgres database will contain the following standard Snowplow schemas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were using the `default` or `secure` example scripts in the last section and switched `postgres_db_enabled` to `true`, you will have created a Postgres database where all of your data is stored. Your Postgres database will contain the following standard Snowplow schemas:
```

- Connect to the database using the username and password you provided when creating the pipeline, along with the `postgres_db_address` and `postgres_db_port` you noted down after the pipeline was created
    - If you need to reset your username or password you can [follow these steps](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/reset-master-user-password-rds/)
    - If your Postgres RDS was configured to be **publically accessible**, there are a number of tools you can use to connect to a Postgres database from your local machine:
        - [pgAdmin](https://www.pgadmin.org/), [psql](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-psql.html), [DataGrip](https://www.jetbrains.com/datagrip/), [DBeaver](https://dbeaver.io/)
- Run a query against your `atomic.events` table to take a look at the page view event that you generated in the previous step (`where event_name = ‘page_view’`). You can understand more about each field in the canonical event [here](/docs/understanding-your-pipeline/canonical-event/index.md).
    - `SELECT * FROM atomic.events WHERE event_name = 'page_view';`

:::note

> If you opted for the `secure` option you will first need to create a tunnel into your VPC to be able to connect to your RDS instance and be able to query the data.  A common solution to this issue is to configure a bastion host as described [here](https://repost.aws/knowledge-center/rds-connect-using-bastion-host-linux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you opted for the `secure` option, you will first need to create a tunnel into your VPC to be able to connect to your RDS instance and be able to query the data.  A common solution to this issue is to configure a bastion host as described [here](https://repost.aws/knowledge-center/rds-connect-using-bastion-host-linux).
```
